What is c programming?
C is a general-purpose programming language created by Dennis Ritchie at the Bell Laboratories in 1972.
It is a very popular language, despite being old. The main reason for its popularity is because it is a fundamental language in the field of computer science.
C is strongly associated with UNIX, as it was developed to write the UNIX operating system.

Why we need to learn c programming?
It is one of the most popular programming languages in the world
If you know C, you will have no problem learning other popular programming languages such as Java, Python, C++, C#, etc, as the syntax is similar
C is very fast, compared to other programming languages, like Java and Python


Programma:
#include <stdio.h>

int main() {
  printf("Hello Sheela!");
  return 0;
}

(save filename.c)

explaintaion on programma:

Line 1: #include <stdio.h> is a header file library that lets us work with input and output functions, such as printf() (used in line 4). 
Header files add functionality to C programs.

Note: Don't worry if you don't understand how  #include <stdio.h> works. Just think of it as something that (almost) always appears in your program.

Line 2: A blank line. C ignores white space. But we use it to make the code more readable.

Line 3: Another thing that always appear in a C program is main(). This is called a function. Any code inside its curly brackets {} will be executed.

Line 4: printf() is a function used to output/print text to the screen. In our example, it will output "Hello World!".

Note: Every C statement ends with a semicolon ;

Note: The body of int main() could also been written as:
int main(){printf("Hello Sheela!");return 0;}

Remember: The compiler ignores white spaces. However, multiple lines makes the code more readable.

Line 5: return 0 ends the main() function.

Line 6: Do not forget to add the closing curly bracket } to actually end the main function.

What is Statements
A computer program is a list of "instructions" to be "executed" by a computer.
In a programming language, these programming instructions are called statements.
The following statement "instructs" the compiler to print the text "content(Hello sheela)" to the screen:

what is variables in c? 
Variables are containers for storing data values, like numbers and characters.

In C, there are different types of variables (defined with different keywords), for example:
int - stores integers (whole numbers), without decimals, such as 123 or -123
float - stores floating point numbers, with decimals, such as 19.99 or -19.99
char - stores single characters, such as 'a' or 'B'. Characters are surrounded by single quotes

Declaring (Creating) Variables
To create a variable, specify the type and assign it a value:
Syntax
type variableName = value;
ex: Create a variable called myNum of type int and assign the value 15 to it:
int myNum = 15;

Format Specifiers
Format specifiers are used together with the printf() function to tell the compiler what type of data the variable is storing. It is basically a placeholder for the variable value.
A format specifier starts with a percentage sign %, followed by a character.
For example, to output the value of an int variable, use the format specifier %d surrounded by double quotes (""), inside the printf() function:
